---
date: 2024-08-16T00:07:34.769Z
timezone: America/New_York
---

I guess I've grown up because I did not do a rewrite of the static site
generator in Rust like I mentioned in my previous thought...but I did not grow
up so much that I still wouldn't rewrite the whole site lol.

RIP to my pride in [my first thought](#1) because my custom static site
generator is dead and aria.ai is now running on top of
[Astro](https://astro.build/). The world has marched on, my #visionary ideas of
building a site statically in a react-like manner (without loading any JS) have
taken off in the mainstream, and now I don't need to maintain my worse
implementation of what Astro already is. I like the idea now also that I can
take advantage of MDX and have interactive blog posts.

I'm in the publishing mindset now...or at least that's what I tell myself. One
idea that's definitely rung true for me is Simon Wilson's post about how
[AI-enhanced development allows him to be more ambitious with his projects](https://simonwillison.net/2023/Mar/27/ai-enhanced-development/).
I particularly liked
[this example project of his](https://simonwillison.net/2024/Mar/22/claude-and-chatgpt-case-study/).
I probably wouldn't have finished this rewrite without Claude, and, in general,
I've been using AI for assisted coding almost every day. It breaks through that
activation energy I need to start working on something. Even if it's just
mustering up a frustrated "no this is completely wrong! fine I'll do it myself"

There's some more improvements I want to make to the site. Off the top of my
head I want to:

- Redesign it a bit and make it less minimalistic.
- Maybe I'll AI generate a new logo to replace the one I had designed for $40 in
  college
- I'm not so self-conscious anymore so I'll write something nice about myself on
  the home page
- Add the ability to have notes in the margins of the page

Obviously I also have some blog post ideas, more thoughts, and project ideas
that who knows if they'll pan out, but I'll skip out on enumerating them here so
I can save myself the future embarassment of not having done them. Or I'll
reference this thought in a victory lap when they're completed.
